c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\TamagotchiWebService.dll.config
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\TamagotchiWebService.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\TamagotchiWebService.pdb
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\obj\Release\TamagotchiWebService.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\obj\Release\TamagotchiWebService.pdb
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\obj\Release\TamagotchiWebService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\TamagotchiWebService.dll.config
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\TamagotchiWebService.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\TamagotchiWebService.pdb
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\obj\Release\TamagotchiWebService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\obj\Release\TamagotchiWebService.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\GitHub\Tamagotchi\TamagotchiService\obj\Release\TamagotchiWebService.pdb
