c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\TamagotchiApp.exe.config
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\TamagotchiApp.exe
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\TamagotchiApp.pdb
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\TamagotchiApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\TamagotchiApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\TamagotchiApp.g.resources
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\TamagotchiApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\TamagotchiApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\TamagotchiApp.exe
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\TamagotchiApp.pdb
c:\users\micky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\TamagotchiApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\Mvvm.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\bin\Debug\Mvvm.xml
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Micky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tamagotchi\Tamagotchi\obj\Debug\App.baml
